feat: add pylint (#71)
scikit-hep/cookie: README.md

    - Includes isort for nice import sorting/grouping
    - Includes PyUpgrade - keeps old Python syntax out
    - Includes spell checking

> * An optional pylint target can be used to run pylint

Author: ```suggestion
* An pylint nox target can be used to run pylint, which integrated GHA annotations
```
